JUDY WOODRUFF: Senate Republican
leaders have spent this day
behind closed doors trying
to win over more of
their own members in the
health care reform fight.
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
has delayed any action until
after the Fourth of July
recess, but a spokesman says
he hopes to have a revised
bill as soon as Friday.
At the White House, President
Trump suggested the effort is
working along very well, despite
the obstacles.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States: It's very tough.
Every state is different.
Every senator is different.
But I have to tell you, the
Republican senators had a really
impressive meeting yesterday
at the White House.
I think we're going to get at
least very close, and I think
we're going to get it over the
line.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Later, the
president told reporters
- - quote -- "We're going
to have a big surprise
on health care."
He didn't say what that meant.
We will hear about all of this
from Republican Senator John
Thune after the news summary.
The president's former
campaign chairman has
registered, retroactively,
as a foreign agent.
Paul Manafort filed papers
Tuesday that show his firm was
paid more than $17 million by
a pro-Russian political
party in Ukraine.
He resigned from the Trump
campaign last August, when word
of his consulting work leaked.
In March of this year, Michael
Flynn, who had been fired
as the president's national
security adviser, also
registered as a foreign agent.
Businesses and governments
around the globe spent a second
day battling a cyber-attack.
The so-called ransomware assault
eased some today, but in the
U.S., a subsidiary of FedEx
was disrupted, and a
Cadbury chocolate factory in
Australia had to shut down.
In London, British Defense
Secretary Michael Fallon said
it is verging on an act of war.
MICHAEL FALLON, U.K. Defense
Secretary: State or nonstate
entities, lurking behind a veil
of encryption, targeting
our national infrastructure,
as we saw with the
recent cyber-strike on
Parliament itself,
that isn't a cold war.
That's a gray war, permanently
teetering on the edge
of outright hostility.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The outbreak
began in Ukraine, where it has
done the most damage so far.
We will take a closer
look later in the program.
The months-long unrest
in Venezuela took a
dramatic turn overnight.
The government says that a
police helicopter opened fire
on the nation's Supreme Court
and Interior Ministry.
Amateur video captured
images of the helicopter,
before it disappeared.
Officials charged the
mastermind of the plot was a
rogue police pilot and actor.
Opponents of socialist President
Nicolas Maduro suggested that
the raid could be a government
ploy to justify
increased repression.
Former members of Colombia's
largest rebel group now face
the challenge of reintegrating
into society.
The one-time fighters
of the FARC surrendered
their weapons at a
disarmament camp on Tuesday.
U.N. inspectors
supervised the ceremony.
The rebels staged a peace
agreement last year,
after decades of fighting.
In Liverpool, England, six
people, most of them police
officials, were charged today
in a 1989 soccer
stadium disaster.
They are accused of offenses
ranging from negligence to
manslaughter in the deaths of
96 people.
The victims were crushed when
thousands of people rushed
into a crowded section of a
stadium.
Police blamed rowdy fans,
but the families finally
won a new investigation.
TREVOR HICKS, Father of
Victims: I mean, there
are no winners in this.
It doesn't bring anybody
back from the disaster.
But what it does do, it sends a
message out of accountability,
as we keep saying, that
nobody, but nobody is
above the law, be it the
police or anybody else.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The accused
include the man who was leading
police operations at the stadium
that day.
Back in this country, the
Homeland Security Department
announced that it's stepping up
security measures for
flights coming into the U.S.
They include enhanced
screening of electronic
devices and passengers.
Airlines that comply could
be exempt from an earlier
ban on carry-on laptops.
Those that don't comply
may face a total ban
on electronic devices.
Wall Street rallied today behind
financial and tech stocks.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained nearly 144
points to close at 21454.
The Nasdaq rose 87, and
the S&P 500 added 21.
And Michael Bond, creator
of the beloved children's
literary character
Paddington Bear, has died
in Britain.
Bond first introduced the
marmalade-loving teddy in "A
Bear Called Paddington" in 1958.
That led ultimately to more
than 20 books, several TV
shows and a 2014 movie.
Michael Bond was 91 years old.